the manufacture of such a sober jewel
either it's an incredibly process
complex ar and gold is specialist of the
chain and guarantees its customers a
clean and artisanal work philippe a
so chose to show us how
manufactory is one of the bestsellers of the
French jewelery in fact we will you
to show simply that we will manufacture
a curb like that there since
made a Parisian order arrived
there and so in fact we will start the
produce here in front of you so in fact one
will go in the gaudord ain we go
rolling on rolling mills and we will bring
so in fact gold bullion you see
there a spinning of a diameter of 24 is
actually 24 mm or
2.4 cm with this son thereafter
we will move to another table of
production christian chefs
of workshops which we blur the
face for security issues
is at the maneuver
the order requires shaping
bracelet in yellow gold he works so
enough material for that its
glove protects it from burning
that would cause the contact of the gold wire
with his skin because this operation
jostles the matter after a few
minutes the desired diameter is obtained
the rolling mill now has allowed to do
the thread
this film is still say a meter
square actually we're actually
currently to create a primer for
allow him now to get into
a sector that will be able to return it to
united states will donate diameter 24
to do this in fact we will use a
other type of machine tool we will say
called a stretching bench
electric simply because the
man's hand failed to fire
this width to bring him back to a
diameter less than a very strong
pressure of dishes you will see
precisely now the site that is going to be
stretched by the good to shoot through
different channels to get off of
diameter in the square queues that
currently at 27 so at 2 7 mm for the
to put on it of 24 mm of
diameter to protect himself christian
indisposed above the chain stretched
metal hoops that blocks the
projection of the film
the pressure is very strong and broken
when the sector serves as a goal and
between each step the material goes through
fire to regain its malleability
regularly she is also cleaned
in this mixture acidify which him
give back its colors we pass now
in fact to the can so that in
do we turn around a shade
if we go we will make one so that we
will turn around a chuck forgiveness
7th wire diameter for simply
actually put up the males and
to have this game of mike we were calling on
to be able to cut in mesh is therefore in
made
for the little story we'll do that
you will notice that we see that there is a
little paper in fact that home and and
we do nothing more and nothing less
that a paper the directory is a
internal technique because in fact there
allows us to burn from the station by
fact that seems most appropriate and
in fact we will now shoot this film
is afterwards you will see that in fact
we will put this set called
so a cane that just red light
before melting the metal to remove in
did this mike set that we have
conceived christian believes at that moment the
number of mesh required the curb
will be prepared in horse knit as one
the call is arranged in 1 + 3 which
means a big stitch for 3
small the jeweler calculates so that
for both gourmette
he will have to get 25 big stitches and
60 small past to fire the paper
burn and winter a micro spaces that
facilitate the extraction of
can without damaging them
now we're done so we rolled this
son around this chuck so did
our canti we will now actually
cut the links for actually cut
our kantipur in detours for in
get jerseys his jerseys got
in valais jean mallet the ones in the
other
solder and shape them more
later will come the lim step of the
walkout
of the clasp and the finished object this makes
more than an hour the process has
started the body is done at the
hand and demonstrates once again the
impressive dexterity required for
that in the wake of christian soda
mesh with a mixture of his
composition
at no time does the material get
respite and it is now a test
very physical who expects christian in
done here we will put the curb in
form is that we will give him the beginning
of its final form
so in fact we tend the curb as
these make sure that the links
are all well positioned by
relationship to others and using two
finches done and we turn on and embryos
to the channel offered about will give him
its shape
that's what you'll see now
so that sounds pretty trivial to do
so does this require a
technicality and a physical force that is
still very consistent the
gourmette to the cheekbone so and what
horse internet + 3 to the right width
now it has been properly
form is so now we're going to do the
line up
after which we will move to another
step that will actually be putting in eraser
lacquer, which will also
continue to limay but on the faces
so here we go we will actually use
what's called a limay bin for
systematically recover all
metal scraps of course always is
really very simply and that's enough
hot of power when the time of gom
the cage has arrived that means that
the manufacturing operation of the
gourmette is about to end
after the image the jeweler applies a
magic substance shellac
it's a substance that was heating up
actually allow to take from
taken is actually the curb on it
first and then below equivalent
with him but in fact so
homogeneous to allow us to give
the final appearance 2-2 of enamel and its turn
actually achieve the desired weight so
we calculated a little earlier in front
of a computer as usual with the
electronic scale makes it the
percentage of metals found in
did what were the goals of
metal loss so we know we have to
to get 18 gram of losses
now on all of these two
great masters since actually and
if we have one but by calling in
do two with that so now is going
actually she splayed upside down
to give the final look the proportion
final stitch and final respect
of weight be christian applied as
joke on the dungeon burns our two
hours of show the ccio is doing its
appearance and then the last moves
of line are given 80 g
the goal is achieved at the fight
and finally we'll say finished so now
the extra production stage is going
to be in fact there
the finish that will go through first
them
the clasp design so it's going to be
also handmade and adapted to measure
exactly at the yard m and then we
let's bend to know that we will have to
makes the final appearance illustrated is very
shining gold at the object we
will punch as we saw everything to
the time for the wedding rings and this
item will be delivered to a wholesaler
Parisian in its logistics center
lyonnais elsewhere and then behind it will go
at a jeweler who has some and
already placed the order is certainly
consumers who has already bought and
when I say just now who the
will be very hurried german during
Next 30 or 40 years since we
are on a sewing design in
solid gold and this type of mesh actually
live very well to say that it does not move
it's not a jewel that's in my cheeks
for asia the process will have lasted a
little more than 2
we are far from the work at the chain
and the result is impeccable to all
the jeweler steps the risk that the
misstep is therefore the obligation to
start from scratch as much as you need
master well to get there